Update prometheus UI access (#402)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes: docs/user-guide/metrics.md

| thanosrulers | monitoring.coreos.com | ThanosRuler | | |

#### Accessing Prometheus
The web interface of Prometheus is accessible via proxy or port-forward.

>     1. Proxy

Reviewer: Wouldn't it be simpler (I'm thinking of first-line support here) to keep only one method?

Author: Sure I will then keep the proxy method as that is what we have in the docs for alertmanager.

      - Type: `kubectl proxy`
      - Open [this link](http://127.0.0.1:8001/api/v1/namespaces/monitoring/services/kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus:web/proxy/) in your browser
    1. Port-forward
      - Type: `kubectl -n monitoring port-forward svc/kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus 9090`
      - Open [this link](http://127.0.0.1:9090) in your browser

> Depending on your Compliant Kubernetes version, access to the Prometheus web interface might not be available.

Reviewer: Can we specify which version?

```suggestion
!!!important
    The Prometheus UI is only available by default starting Compliant Kubernetes version X.YY.
```
